ir/roshd/cssQuery/FirstPaginationStyle.java
 ir.roshd.cssQuery.FirstPaginationStyle
ir/roshd/cssQuery/CommentStyle.java
 ir.roshd.cssQuery.CommentStyle
ir/roshd/log/ConsoleLog.java
 ir.roshd.log.ConsoleLog
ir/roshd/cssQuery/FirstCommentStyle.java
 ir.roshd.cssQuery.FirstCommentStyle
ir/roshd/log/Log.java
 ir.roshd.log.Log
ir/roshd/cssQuery/SecondPaginationStyle.java
 ir.roshd.cssQuery.SecondPaginationStyle
ir/roshd/cssQuery/FirstArticleStyle.java
 ir.roshd.cssQuery.FirstArticleStyle
ir/roshd/cssQuery/PaginationStyle.java
 ir.roshd.cssQuery.PaginationStyle
ir/roshd/log/Logger.java
 ir.roshd.log.Logger
ir/roshd/cssQuery/ArticleStyle.java
 ir.roshd.cssQuery.ArticleStyle
ir/roshd/dba/entities/Article.java
 ir.roshd.dba.entities.Article
ir/roshd/crawler/ParseArticle.java
 ir.roshd.crawler.ParseArticle
ir/roshd/miscellaneous/RandomSelector.java
 ir.roshd.miscellaneous.RandomSelector
ir/roshd/miscellaneous/OrderedSelector.java
 ir.roshd.miscellaneous.OrderedSelector
ir/roshd/crawler/AbstractParser.java
 ir.roshd.crawler.AbstractParser
ir/roshd/dba/entities/Category.java
 ir.roshd.dba.entities.Category
ir/roshd/crawler/ParseArticlePagination.java
 ir.roshd.crawler.ParseArticlePagination
ir/roshd/crawler/TimerForCrawler.java
 ir.roshd.crawler.TimerForCrawler
ir/roshd/miscellaneous/ProxyManagement.java
 ir.roshd.miscellaneous.ProxyManagement
ir/roshd/crawler/Crawler.java
 ir.roshd.crawler.Crawler
ir/roshd/dba/entities/Comment.java
 ir.roshd.dba.entities.Comment
ir/roshd/crawler/CrawlerManager.java
 ir.roshd.crawler.CrawlerManager
ir/roshd/miscellaneous/Selector.java
 ir.roshd.miscellaneous.Selector
ir/roshd/miscellaneous/UserAgentManagement.java
 ir.roshd.miscellaneous.UserAgentManagement
ir/roshd/crawler/ArticleCrawler.java
 ir.roshd.crawler.ArticleCrawler
ir/roshd/dba/DBManagement.java
 ir.roshd.dba.DBManagement
ir/roshd/Main.java
 ir.roshd.Main
